Growing up in the truth,
I felt like I fit in
more with my friends at school
or people who weren’t Witnesses.
I was living a double life
and I knew it.
I was not baptized.
I had always tried to make
the truth fit in with the world.
And this time I decided
that I just want to give
the world a shot
and see what that’s like.
I came right to my parents,
and I said,
“I want to move to LA
and pursue modeling.”
I had my first job within the week.
It looked so glamorous.
There were a lot of parties
—going to the coolest houses,
getting to hang out with celebrities.
There are no rules.
You have the money
to do whatever you want.
That lifestyle was so far
from what I was raised knowing as right
that I basically had
no relationship with Jehovah.
Once all the smoke
and mirrors are gone,
you see these things
for what they are.
I remember I called my mom,
and I told her:
“It’s like Sodom and Gomorrah.
I’m literally in the middle of it all.”
And I thought, like, this is it;
this is what everyone says is the best,
and I’m not happy.
And I just felt so dull
—empty.
And I actually thought to myself:
‘I wish—
I wish I was never raised a Witness.
I wish I never even knew Jehovah existed.’
There were certain nights
where I needed Him.
I was thinking,
‘Just pray; just go to him.’
And I couldn’t.
I thought I would never be able to
come back to Jehovah.
One of the jobs
I got hired to do
was to work
for this young fashion company.
In between different outfits and shoots,
you would, you know,
talk with the photographer.
So, what are you guys
going to be for Halloween?
Matt doesn’t celebrate Halloween.
He’s one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
So am I.
It’s not a joke.
No, I’m not kidding.
I was raised as a Witness.
Yeah, I was raised as one as well.
Do you, um—
do you go to meetings?
No, I haven’t been in forever.
What about you?
No, no, I haven’t.
I got a last-minute job to New York.
I decided to walk the Brooklyn Bridge.
I knew Bethel was there,
and I’d never been to Bethel.
This sister stopped me on my tour,
and she invited me up to her office.
There were different paintings
of the resurrection.
She asked me, “Do you know why
the people are waiting on the balcony?”
And I was like,
“I—I don’t know. Why?”
And she said, “Because they’re waiting
for their loved ones to be resurrected.”
It was as if something
just went straight to my heart.
I’ve never felt something like that.
I had for the first time actually seen
the resurrection and believed it.
It wasn’t just this thing that might happen
—it was for sure.
I knew exactly
what it was going to look like.
I would be standing there
on that balcony
looking for my loved ones
to come back,
and I wanted to be there.
The resurrection was so real to me.
And the second I got out of Bethel,
I—I called my mom,
and I told her, and I said:
“Mom, Mom, I’m coming back.
“I know exactly what I need to do.
I’m coming back to Jehovah.”
I had made up my mind, you know,
I’m going to give Jehovah a chance.
But, you know,
I’m coming back to the truth.
I’m going to do it right.
There was an elder
who was doing the Watchtower,
and he just came off so kind
that I thought, you know,
when this meeting ends,
I want to talk with him, and I’m going
to explain to him why I’m here.
I knew I had so many changes to make.
Matthew 6:33 is so important to me,
‘Seek first the Kingdom.’
My entire life I sought
everything else before Jehovah.
I never put him first,
and I for the first time was saying,
“OK, Jehovah, I’m going to put you first.”
The job I have right now
isn’t necessarily my dream job,
but it allows me to do exactly
what I want to do for Jehovah
—and that’s pioneer.
I used to walk down Hollywood Boulevard
going from casting to casting
with my portfolio in hand,
and now I walk down Hollywood Boulevard
with the cart in my hand.
Out in the ministry,
I see models that I used to work with,
and I love getting to show
them that this is my new life,
and this has changed my life.
I am so happy.
I know what it’s like
to superficially feel good.
But to literally have the joy,
the happiness
—I want to share that with everybody.
Jehovah completely changed my life.